# Animal Topia: Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 20th, 2021

MonkeyCards is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. The privacy policy of MonkeyCards (hereafter will be abbreviated as the "game", the "service", "we", "us" or "our") explains

(i) how and what personal information we collect from you,

(ii) how we use and protect the information provided by our users and

(iii) the options you have about your personal information

1 Collection and Use of Information
PlayFab
We use PlayFab to collect and store player information. We collect information from our users so that we can create their PlayFab game accounts, operate the game and enhance users' game experience. The collected information is transmitted and stored to servers in the US.

PlayFab is committed to being General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliant and is certificiated under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.

You can find further information regarding your rights in terms of service of PlayFab at https://playfab.com/terms/.

Collected information included but not limited to:

Player ID (an unique identifier generated by PlayFab per player)
Device ID
IP address
Registration date
log in data includes IP address and log in location (city, country)
Game statistics data (scores, leaderboard, etc...)
Presence in game
Business events such as transactions made in the game
Error events such as any errors encountered by users

2 Security
We are commited to ensuring that your information is secure. However, please be reminded that no methods of transmission over the Internet, or methods of electronic storage are 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the absolute security.

3 Duration of Personal Information
The personal information which is processed according to section 1, is processed as long as you are active in the game.

If you wish to delete your PlayFab account, please contact us at rintje.monkeycards@gmail.com.

4 Forwarding Data
Unless stated otherwise under section 1, your personal information will not be transferred to any third parties for any purpose other than those listed below.

We shall forward your personal information to thrid parties only

if you have given explicit consent, in accordance with Art.6 (1) lit. a GDPR
if under Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR the transfer is necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest, which must be protected, in the non-forwarding of your information
if there is a legal obligation to forward the information under Art.6 (1) lit. c GDPR
if this is legally permissible and necessary according to Art. 6(1) lit. b GDPR for the processing of contractual relationships with you.
5 Data Subject Rights
You have the right:

in accordance to Art. 15 GDPR, to demand information about your personal data we have processed. In particular, you can obtain information about the purposes of the processing, The categories of personal data concerned, the recipients or category of recipients to whom your data have been or will be disclosed, the envisaged period for which the data will be stored, the existence of the right to request to rectify, erase, or restrict of the processing, or to object to it, the right to lodge a complaint in front of a supervisory authority, the source of your data, if these have not been collected by us, and on the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and any other meaningful information about their details or the logic involved;
in accordance to Art. 16 GDPR, to demand the immediate rectification or completion of inaccurate personal data stored by us;
in accordance to Art. 17 GDPR, to demand the deletion of personal data stored by us, unless their processing is necessary a) for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, b) to comply with a legal obligation, c) for reasons of public interest, d) or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
in accordance to Art. 18 GDPR, to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data in cases, (a) where the processing is unlawful yet you oppose the erasure of the personal data, (b) where we no longer need the data but you still require them to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or (c) where you have objected to the processing of the data in accordance to Art. 21 GDPR;
in accordance to Art. 20 GDPR, to obtain your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to demand the transfer of these data to another controller;
in accordance to Art. 7 (3) GDPR, to withdraw your consent at any time, which will mean that in future we may no longer carry out the data processing that was contingent upon this consent.
6 Right of Objection
if you wish to avail of your right to withdraw or object, please contact us at rintje.monkeycards@gmail.com.

7 Changes to This Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of March 7, 2021 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our privacy policy at any time and you should check this privacy policy periodically.

Your continued playing of our game after we make any changes to the privacy policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgement of the changes and your consent to abide and be bound by the updated privacy policy.

We reserve the right to interpret the privacy policy and decide on any questions or disputes arising under the privacy policy. You agree that all such interpretations and decisions shall be final and conclusive, and binding on you as a player of the game.

If you have any questions, please contact us at rintje.monkeycards@gmail.com.
